# Othello

## Rules
The basic play of the game Othello is to place your symbol (x or O) next to a space that contains your opponent's symbol in any contiguous line on the board (horizontal, vertical, diagonal) which also contains your symbol. Then, you can change the symbol in every space along any contiguous line between your just-placed symbol and another space to your symbol. A player must always outlfank their opponent and flip at least one opposing symbol in order for the move to be valid; if they cannot do this, their turn is skipped. The game is over when every space on the board is filled with symbols or when it is not possible for either play to make a valid move. At this point, the number of x's and O's are counted and the player that has more of their symbol on the board is the winner. 

## How to use program
To begin, the program uses an array to associate a specific colour, symbol, and number with each player and will assign these by asking for each player's name. After the players select the individual who will go first and the board size, the board is displayed and the program will ask for a move from the first player. It will take in the move and evaluate whether or not it's valid. If it is, all the opponent's symbols in between the player's two symbols will be flipped and the score count will be updated. If the move is not valid, the player will be asked to enter a new move. If a player enters 'quit' the game will exit, and if they enter 'skip' the next player's turn will begin. After each turn, the program will determine if there are any available moves remaining. If there are, the next player will begin their turn, and if not, the winner will be announced.      
